use 'godoc cmd//target' for documentation on the /target command 


# similarity
    import "."

Package similarity provides a simple similarity engine, similar to the recommendation engine created in
Chapter 2 of Programming Collective Intelligence.

Example usage:

// Create a similarity engine
sim := similarity.New()

// Create some items
critic1 := "critic1"
critic2 := "critic2"
rating1 := similarity.Item{"In a World", 3.5}
rating2 := similarity.Item{"In a World", 2.0}
rating3 := similarity.Item{"War Games", 4.5}
rating4 := similarity.Item{"War Games", 3.0}

// Add items to the similarity with a string key.
// In this case we are using the critic's name.
sim.Add(critic1, rating1)
sim.Add(critic1, rating3)
sim.Add(critic2, rating2)
sim.Add(critic2, rating4)

// Get similar keys (in this case critics) and the
// rated items.
results := sim.SimilarEuclidean("critic1", 5)

// We can then retrieve the critic's name and similarity score.
fmt.Println(results[0].Name)
fmt.Println(results[0].Similarity)
Output:
critic2
0.32037724101704074







## type Item
``` go
type Item struct {
    Name  string
    Value float64
}
```
An item that has been rated.











## type Result
``` go
type Result struct {
    Name       string
    Similarity float64
}
```
The result of a similarity search. Name can be used to retrieve full information
from the store and Similarity is the similarity score.











## type Similarity
``` go
type Similarity struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```
Similarity is a similarity storage and retrieval engine.









### func New
``` go
func New() *Similarity
```
Create a new Similarity engine.




### func (\*Similarity) Add
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) Add(key string, item Item)
```
Add an Item to the engine with a key.



### func (\*Similarity) EuclideanDistance
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) EuclideanDistance(key1 string, key2 string) float64
```
Returns the Euclidean distance of two keys in our Similarity engine.



### func (\*Similarity) Get
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) Get(key string) map[string]Item
```


### func (\*Similarity) Keys
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) Keys() []string
```
Get all the keys in this Similarity.



### func (\*Similarity) ReadJson
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) ReadJson(r io.Reader) error
```
Read the data for a Similarity engine from a Writer and load it



### func (\*Similarity) Similar
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) Similar(key string, limit int, distance comparison) []Result
```
Find similar keys using the provided distance comparison.



### func (\*Similarity) SimilarEuclidean
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) SimilarEuclidean(key string, limit int) []Result
```
Find similar keys using Euclidean distance comparison.



### func (\*Similarity) WriteJson
``` go
func (sim *Similarity) WriteJson(w io.Writer) error
```
Dump the data backing a Similarity engine to a Writer.









- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)